DOCS/TODO.md, before:

# TODO
## CRITICAL :
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    rename file containing 'html head' information (BAD: 'header.php' GOOD:'head.php')    [DONE]

- [22nov 2020 23h10] Denis => Completed tasks                                             [DONE]
    integration : files register.php, connexion.php, profil.php, appForm.js and logout.php

- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    Integration : SCSS / VARIABLE ROOT / all include(connect.php)

- [25nov 2020 19h07] Christophe
    the file contact.php should be in Views/common/ , as it's not a page.   
    the file logout.php should be in Views/common/ , as it's not a page.   
    the file redirect-mailto.php should be in Views/common/ , as it's not a page.   

- [25nov 2020 19h22] Christophe
    use alternate PHP syntax in editProfil.php

- [25nov 2020 19h25] Christophe
    for each  'pageTitle'.php   >> move the script from the bottom to a separate file in assets/script/'pageTitle'.js

## IMPORTANT :
    
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    remove one of the two images (under 'Blog Php Denis') + (under Home page)

- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    hide unfinished [features, sections, buttons, ...] (better to program one thing at a time and make it fully-fonctional)

- [22nov 2020 23h16] Denis => Must be optimized
    Improved the connexion form (register and connexion and $_SESSION)

- [22nov 2020 23h16] Denis 
    Add if else with $_SESSION  login || logout

- [25nov 11h30] Christophe
    désactiver le framework css axentix                     [DONE]

- [25nov 11h30] Christophe
    navbars:
        - dupliquer le code avant de toucher                [DONE]
        - sur une copie de chaque navbar: remettre les classes en version bootstrap.
        - séparer chaque navbar dans un fichier séparé :

        - la navbar du haut affichera:  connexion/déconnexion ET SI CONNECTÉ : pseudo, déconnexion, photo, 

    top-navbar : 
        - centrer le titre du site    [DONE]
        - boutons de connexion à droite [DONE]
        - nom du profil à droite
        - role actuel du user à droite   [DONE] à gauche

## USEFUL
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    rename project with a more explicit name
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    rename database with a more explicit name
- [21nov 14h04] Christophe
    delete file 'etapes.txt' and write its content in /DOCS/ TODO.md or INSTALL.md

- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    Choose a design

## WHEN WE HAVE TIME
- ...

- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    bug size footer inside connexion.php
- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    Delete all comment(die();) in all files
- [22nov 2020 23h40] Denis
    Bug button (Open Sidenav) in profil.php table and smartphone version 

- [25nov 11h30] Christophe
    3 roles : reader (fr: ?) , writer (fr: abonnés), administrator (fr: régulateur)

- [25nov 11h30] Denis
    creer un fichier translate
        - par exemple pour traduire les noms de roles


## how to use this file:
- [date] [nom ou email du demandeur] 
    [copier coller la demander, en vo ET une trad] ou noter notre phrase.


## IDEES A RANGER :

Commit message:

file naming + todo + sitemap + old and new navbar

DOCS/TODO.md, after:

# TODO
## CRITICAL :
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    rename file containing 'html head' information (BAD: 'header.php' GOOD:'head.php')    [DONE]

- [22nov 2020 23h10] Denis => Completed tasks                                             [DONE]
    integration : files register.php, connexion.php, profil.php, appForm.js and logout.php

- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    Integration : SCSS / VARIABLE ROOT / all include(connect.php)

- [25nov 2020 19h07] Christophe
    the file contact.php should be in Views/common/ , as it's not a page.   
    the file logout.php should be in Views/common/ , as it's not a page.   
    the file redirect-mailto.php should be in Views/common/ , as it's not a page.   

- [25nov 2020 19h22] Christophe
    use alternate PHP syntax in editProfil.php

- [25nov 2020 19h25] Christophe
    for each  'pageTitle'.php   >> move the script from the bottom to a separate file in assets/script/'pageTitle'.js

## IMPORTANT :
    
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    remove one of the two images (under 'Blog Php Denis') + (under Home page)

- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    hide unfinished [features, sections, buttons, ...] (better to program one thing at a time and make it fully-fonctional)

- [22nov 2020 23h16] Denis => Must be optimized
    Improved the connexion form (register and connexion and $_SESSION)

- [22nov 2020 23h16] Denis 
    Add if else with $_SESSION  login || logout

- [25nov 11h30] Christophe
    désactiver le framework css axentix                     [DONE]

- [25nov 11h30] Christophe
    navbars:
        - dupliquer le code avant de toucher                [DONE]
        - sur une copie de chaque navbar: remettre les classes en version bootstrap.
        - séparer chaque navbar dans un fichier séparé :

        - la navbar du haut affichera:  connexion/déconnexion ET SI CONNECTÉ : pseudo, déconnexion, photo, 

    top-navbar : 
        - centrer le titre du site    [DONE]
        - boutons de connexion à droite [DONE]
        - nom du profil à droite
        - role actuel du user à droite   [DONE] à gauche

- [27nov 19h47] Christophe
    - article.php doesn't use the common/head.php , but his head is written inline. 

## USEFUL
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    rename project with a more explicit name
- [21nov 13h24] Christophe
    rename database with a more explicit name
- [21nov 14h04] Christophe
    delete file 'etapes.txt' and write its content in /DOCS/ TODO.md or INSTALL.md

- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    Choose a design

- [27nov 2020 19h54] Christophe
    remove the checkbox "agree terms and ..." on connection page  (not coherent)

- [27nov 2020 20h00] Christophe
    the file connexion.php (in french) should be renamed connection.php (in english)

- [28nov 2020 16h05] Christophe
    create a file common/buttons_dark_light.php and move the code inside.
    then replace the html by the include(....buttons_dark_light.php) . 

- [28nov 2020 16h40] Christophe
    file indexAdmin.php :  regroup the 3 tables of Users, they are duplicates.

- [28nov 2020 16h40] Christophe
    file indexAdmin.php :  the tables to manage Users should be in [usersAdmin.php], not in [indexAdmin.php].

## WHEN WE HAVE TIME
- ...

- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    bug size footer inside connexion.php
- [22nov 2020 23h20] Denis
    Delete all comment(die();) in all files
- [22nov 2020 23h40] Denis
    Bug button (Open Sidenav) in profil.php table and smartphone version 

- [25nov 11h30] Christophe
    3 roles : reader (fr: ?) , writer (fr: abonnés), administrator (fr: régulateur)

- [25nov 11h30] Denis
    creer un fichier translate
        - par exemple pour traduire les noms de roles


## how to use this file:
- [date] [nom ou email du demandeur] 
    [copier coller la demander, en vo ET une trad] ou noter notre phrase.


## IDEES A RANGER :
